README.md, before:

![CI logo](https://codeinstitute.s3.amazonaws.com/fullstack/ci_logo_small.png)

Welcome,

This is the Code Institute student template for Codeanywhere. If you are using Gitpod then you need [this template](https://github.com/Code-Institute-Org/gitpod-full-template) instead.  We have preinstalled all of the tools you need to get started. It's perfectly ok to use this template as the basis for your project submissions.

You can safely delete this README.md file, or change it for your own project. Please do read it at least once, though! It contains some important information about Codeanywhere and the extensions we use. Some of this information has been updated since the video content was created. The last update to this file was: **August 30th, 2023**

## Codeanywhere Reminders

To run a frontend (HTML, CSS, Javascript only) application in Codeanywhere, in the terminal, type:

`python3 -m http.server`

A button should appear to click: _Open Preview_ or _Open Browser_.

To run a frontend (HTML, CSS, Javascript only) application in Codeanywhere with no-cache, you can use this alias for `python3 -m http.server`.

`http_server`

To run a backend Python file, type `python3 app.py`, if your Python file is named `app.py` of course.

A button should appear to click: _Open Preview_ or _Open Browser_.

In Codeanywhere you have superuser security privileges by default. Therefore you do not need to use the `sudo` (superuser do) command in the bash terminal in any of the lessons.

To log into the Heroku toolbelt CLI:

1. Log in to your Heroku account and go to _Account Settings_ in the menu under your avatar.
2. Scroll down to the _API Key_ and click _Reveal_
3. Copy the key
4. In Codeanywhere, from the terminal, run `heroku_config`
5. Paste in your API key when asked

You can now use the `heroku` CLI program - try running `heroku apps` to confirm it works. This API key is unique and private to you so do not share it. If you accidentally make it public then you can create a new one with _Regenerate API Key_.

---

Happy coding!

Commit message:

docs:"Add intro and user stories to readme"

README.md, after:

# into-the-woods

This is the documentation for Into the Woods - interactive javascript game. The site has been built using HTML5, CSS3 and Javascript for the Milestone 2 project for Code Institute's web development diploma.

******

## Contents

* 
* 
* 
* 

<sup><sub>[*Back to top*](#contents)</sup></sub>

-----

## User Experience - UX

### Strategy

This project was inspired by my interest in RPG style gaming and storytelling. The goal is to create an interactive and user-friendly choose your own adventure demo.

#### User Goals

- Play a simple adventure game that is fun and engaging.
- Be able to collect multiple endings by replaying the game. 

#### Site Owner Goals

- Create a game that is fun and engaging.
- Design the game to be visually appealing.
- Provide a responsive and accessible website.
- Create seamless interactivity that can't be accidentally broken by the user.

#### User Stories

- I want to be able to easily navigate through the game.
- I want to be able to see the different endings I have discovered.
- I want to be able to see which items I have in my inventory.
